README file for ./Tkg2/ [tkg2.pl and related modules]

=head1 NAME

tkg2.pl - The ultimate 2-D charting application.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Welcome to a Perl/Tk based charting and data visualization program.

=head1 LICENSE

 This Tkg2 program is authored by the enigmatic William H. Asquith.
     
 This program is absolutely free software; 

Author of this software makes no claim whatsoever about suitability,
reliability, editability or usability of this product. If you can use it,
you are in luck, if not, I should not be and can not be held responsible.
Furthermore, portions of this software (tkg2 and related modules) were
developed by the Author as an employee of the U.S. Geological Survey
Water-Resources Division, neither the USGS, the Department of the
Interior, or other entities of the Federal Government make any claim
whatsoever about suitability, reliability, editability or usability
of this product.

=cut

Author has primarily developed on Solaris 2.6 and Intel Linux 2.2.12-16.  Tkg2
should run immediately on all Unix variants with a few minor configuration
issues.  Tkg2 should also run on NT but the author has not committed significant
resources to work out a Win32 port.


CPAN MODULES NEEDED TO RUN
  Other versions might work, but these are tested

Tk800.022+  Segmentation faults occur in earlier versions of Tk 
Data-Calc-4.3
DateManip-5.39  required 5.39 or better
Storable 0.610
Tk::Pod 3.15  (has a tkpod reader!!!)


EXTERNAL UTILITIES THAT ARE NICE TO HAVE AS TKG2 EXPECTS THEM FOR SOME TASKS
pstoedit    (postscript to whatever converter)
ghostscript (needed by pstoedit)

IMPORTANT SYSTEM DIFFERENCES
The file Tkg2/tkg2rc is an X-resources type file that contains various things
that are platform or installation specific such as system color
names.   The line thicknesses are those specific one for which testing has 
shown that the Tk postscript driver produces as different thicknesses.  The
Tkg2/tkg2rc file that comes with the distribution is widely used.

See the Tkg2/Tkg2rc.pm module for details on where other .tkg2rc files are
written or use the 'Help'->'Tkg2rc File' after a template is started with the
'New' button.

